fix(mobile): removed iOS install content (#13836)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile-ios/get-started/introduction-new-relic-mobile-ios.mdx

  - /docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile-ios/installation/ios-manual-installation
---

Our iOS agent gives you a comprehensive view of your app's performance. The agent monitors iOS apps written in Objective-C, Swift, or both. For a general overview of mobile monitoring functionality, see [Introduction to mobile monitoring](/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile/getting-started/introduction-new-relic-mobile).

## Compatibility and requirements [#requirements]

Before you install the iOS agent, review the [compatibility and requirements](/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile-ios/get-started/new-relic-ios-compatibility-requirements).

## Install the agent [#installation]

> To install the iOS agent, follow our [guided install](https://onenr.io/0qwLv87gkj5), located directly in the UI. Using this method, you can install and configure the iOS agent with Swift Package Manager (SPM) or CocoaPods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the iOS agent, follow our [guided install](https://onenr.io/0qwLv87gkj5), located directly in the UI. Using this method, you can install and configure the iOS agent with Swift Package Manager (SPM) or CocoaPods.
```

> To install the iOS agent, we recommend you follow our [guided install](https://onenr.io/0qwLv87gkj5), located directly in the UI. Using this method, you can install and configure the iOS agent with Swift Package Manager (SPM) or CocoaPods

Author: ```suggestion
To install the iOS agent, follow our [guided install](https://onenr.io/0qwLv87gkj5), located directly in the UI. Using this method, you can install and configure the iOS agent with Swift Package Manager (SPM) or CocoaPods
```

  - /docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile-ios/installation/ios-manual-installation
---

> New Relic's mobile monitoring for iOS gives you a comprehensive view of your app's performance. It works for iOS apps written using Objective-C or Swift. For a general overview of mobile monitoring functionality, see [Introduction to mobile monitoring](/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile/getting-started/introduction-new-relic-mobile).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our iOS agent gives you a comprehensive view of your app's performance. The agent monitors iOS apps written in Objective-C, Swift, or both. For a general overview of mobile monitoring functionality, see [Introduction to mobile monitoring](/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile/getting-started/introduction-new-relic-mobile).
```

Reviewer: I feel like all the mobile agent docs should match a similar naming schema (i.e., "Our iOS agent", or "The New Relic iOS agent"

## Compatibility and requirements [#requirements]

Before you install the iOS agent, review the [compatibility and requirements](/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile-ios/get-started/new-relic-ios-compatibility-requirements).

## Install the agent [#installation]

> To install the iOS agent:

Author: ```suggestion
To install the iOS agent, we recommend you follow our [guided install](https://onenr.io/0qwLv87gkj5), located directly in the UI. Using this method, you can install and configure the iOS agent with Swift Package Manager (SPM) or CocoaPods
```

> * We recommend you follow our [guided install](https://onenr.io/0qwLv87gkj5), located directly in the UI. Using this method, you can install and configure the iOS agent with Swift Package Manager (SPM) or CocoaPods.

Reviewer: Same here with the formatting

> * We recommend you follow our [guided install](https://onenr.io/0qwLv87gkj5), located directly in the UI. Using this method, you can install and configure the iOS agent with Swift Package Manager (SPM) or CocoaPods.

Author: ```suggestion
```
